The case or Welcome to the third exercise in the section again we have free questions for you to answer
and then we'll have the video solution in the next video.
So the first question is saying from our customers table select distinct last names and order them alphabetically
from dataset and then the second question is asking us to select from the Orders table to select the
first three orders placed by custom.
We've already won in February 2017.
And then finally the last question is asking us to select by name price and coffee origin from the Products
table.
But to rename the price column to a retail price in their results.
So have a go to all three questions and then in the next video we'll take a look at the solutions.